Enforce the Core service for a core application (#320)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/config/index.md

To build such an application, the first step consists in configuring the characteristics and the desired behavior of
your application and its entities.

> !!! Note "Reminder: Config vs Entities"

Reviewer: lower case note

    to. **Configs** can be seen as generators. Indeed, each **entity** is created from a **config**. Note also that
    the same **config** can be used to instantiate multiple **entities**.

    More details on the **entities** are available in the [Entities](../entities/index.md) chapter.

> !!! Important

Reviewer: lowercase important

>     All configuration objects should be created before runtime to avoid any conflict.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    All configuration objects should be created before running Core service to avoid any conflict.
```
